hey Seminole fans Ryan pensee for
seminoles.com and as the noles prepare
to travel to Jacksonville for the river
city showdown against Colorado we wanted
to bring you a game preview of just the
third meeting all time between the noles
and the Buffaloes Florida State is 2 and
0 all-time against Colorado in 2003
Chris Rick's through for 394 yards and
three touchdowns in route to a forty
seven to seven win in Tallahassee 40
years later in 2007 the noles went into
boulder and defeated the Buffalo 16 to
six Florida State was led by running
back Anton Smith in his 36 yard
touchdown run in the second quarter the
noles were seconds away from pitching
yet another shutout and held Colorado to
negative 27 yards rushing this year's
defense proves to be even better having
allowed only 145 yards total on the
ground which is fourth in the nation
this week the noles returned five key
players on defense including Neffe
Moffat Patrick Robinson and Dakota
Watson it's gonna be a phenomenal thing
I know without a doubt i'm just gonna be
ready to go and you're playing
everything so I mean playing the Jasmine
that's a huge stadium and I know a lot
of my family coming out there a lot of
fans a lot of people went spending some
big because they everybody coming back
so um just hopefully will be good
Michelle just keep this site you know I
mean that's what we've been doing with
just stay together you know to stay a
family I can't really say that we need
to do anything just be this one and
doing been doing all along this season
junior linebacker Kenny Ingram has
developed into one of the top playmakers
on defense and has caught the eye of
both the coaches and the fans well he's
still learning but he's brought some
maturity to team and he's brought he's
really feels confident about what he's
doing right now and that's that's the
greatest community and he play at any
sport could have his confidence the
other youngsters they really hadn't done
a good job they still have a long way to
go but I love their enthusiasm
I love the energy they bring to the
table and the end the effort that they
have history has been great to Florida
State in Jacksonville with a 9 1 and 1
record including five wins in the Gator
Bowl in an ACC championship in 2005 last
year's River City Showdown went to the
noles as they defeated Alabama 21 to 14
Florida State is eager to return to
Jacksonville for this year's River City
Showdown and bobby bowden's five
hundredth game as a head coach any game
you go out there you know we just try to
get a win for Coach Brown because I mean
it's his legacy we want we want to keep
them on top as long as I'm here as long
as he's here we just want to keep him on
top so you know every game we got done
with fight for coach Bowden uncle about
Bobby battlefield well it'll be nice to
send them off with every wind that we
set out you know every game we set out a
plate would be great now of course those
hundred games like 500 300 400 is a
monumental moment but you know we should
want to go out and win every game for
him so does it mean more than another
based on significance but our
preparation shouldn't be any more any
less than before florida state needs the
fans to make the three-hour drive over
to Jack's villain get loud for the noles
as they play their fourth game of the
season please y'all stay high all right
we feed off there please don't sit down
some bad habits it down it's not over
it's not over please stay with us go out
there and enjoy the game Kosovo first
500 game I'll tell stadium on me you can
always watch home go home watch the TV
come out there to the gay and support
the Seminoles we need you we need your
chair in a song we need a home field
advantage so come out and support us
it's a 330 kick off this saturday in
Jacksonville Municipal Stadium we'll see
you there for seminoles.com I'm Ryan
pensee